https://codepen.io/amos-m-r/pen/povoxaB

1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantic HTML is HTML that provies meaning.
    2. What is HTML used for? HTML is used to reference/hold/display/annotate content for a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is or provides additional information about an element and is contained in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? An h1 tad indicated the most important heading/title. It should only by used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: a and img tags have required attributes
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? We put metadata in the head element.
    7. What is an id? An id is an identifier for a specific element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? Any element may have an id.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? An id should only be used once per page.
    10. What is a class? A class is an identifier for several elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any element can have a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? One class can be used as many times as you desire per page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? To open a link in a new tab the target="_blank" attribute should be added to the anchor tag after the href attribute.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute contains text to be displayed if the image in the img element is not able to be displayed.
    15. How do I reference an id? An id is referenced in CSS by the #.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? A div is a generic container which gives no additional information about the element, while a section indicates the element is a section of a document.
    17. What is CSS used for? CSS is used to style the content of a web page. 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page An element is selected by the element's tag (eg. h2, a, nav)
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one An id is an identifier for a single element while a class is an identifier for multiple elements. I would use a class to identify a series of elements that I want to apply the same styling to. I would use an id to identify an element that will have styling different than other elements on the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? In CSS a class is selected by a .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human”? I would select this element with a .human selector.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? A parent child selector is a selector that selects an element which lies within another element. This would be usefull when selecting an element that will recieve different styling than other elements of the same type. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? To select these elements I would use a div.sidebar selector.
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? To change the spacing between lines I would use the line-height property.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? To change the spacing between leters I would use the letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? I would use the text-transform property with the uppercase/lowercase/Capitalize values.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? I would add border: 1px black dotted; to the appropriate element selector.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? The * selector will select all elements of a page. 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? In CSS /* */ is used for a comment.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? In the command line pwd will print the working directory.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? In command line ls will list the files/folders in your current folder.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? In command line rm <file> will delete a file. Care should be taken when doing this because this deletion is permanent. 
    34. Why should I use version control? Version control should be used because it allowes you to record and to revert to previous forms of a file.
    35. How often should I commit to github? Committing changes to github should take place frequently.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? The git push command is used to push to github.
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Access original repo > fork repo > add TL as contributor > clone repo to local machine > branch repo on local machine > make appropriate changes > add > commit > push changes to github > submit a pull request.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? An inline element doesn't start a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary while a block element always starts a new line and takes up all available width.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? An absolutely positioned element will retain its position in relation to a parent element.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? ???
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default Block elements:div, header, footer, section. Inline elements:a, img, Inline-block elements:button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? The box model places elements into a format where there is content inside a margin inside a border inside a margin. The "fix" I think you are reffering to would be flexbox?
